zdiff: add page (#8636)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/zdiff.md

# zdiff

> Invoke `diff` on gzipped files.
> More information: <https://manned.org/zdiff>.

- Compare two files, uncompressing them if necessary:

> `zdiff {{path/to/file1.txt.gz}} {{path/to/file2.txt.gz}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`zdiff {{path/to/file1.gz}} {{path/to/file2.gz}}`
```
I think `.txt` extension isn't required over here.
[Reference](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/zdiff-command-in-linux-with-examples/)

> - Invoke `diff` on `path/to/file.txt` and `path/to/file.txt.gz` (which is assumed to exist):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Invoke `diff` on `path/to/file.txt` and `path/to/file.txt.gz` (assuming they exist):
```
I am not sure about this command description. Let me ask someone.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Compare a file with a gzipped archive with the same name:
```
